tests/testthat/_snaps/case-when.md, before:

# `cases` inputs can be size zero

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(logical()), list(1:2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `values[[1]]` (size 2) to size 0.

# `values` are cast to their common type

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE, TRUE), list(1, "x"))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `values[[1]]` <double> and `values[[2]]` <character>.

# `values` must be size 1 or same size as the `cases`

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE, TRUE)), list(1:3))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `values[[1]]` (size 3) to size 4.

# `default` must be size 1 or same size as `cases` (exact same as any other `values` input)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = 2:3)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `default` (size 2) to size 1.

# `default_arg` can be customized

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = 2:3, default_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `foo` (size 2) to size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = "x", default_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine <integer> and `foo` <character>.

# `cases_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list("x"), list(1), cases_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `values_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(lm(1 ~ 1)), values_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `default_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), default = "x", default_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `cases` must all be the same size

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), TRUE), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must be size 2, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE)), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must be size 2, not size 3.

# `cases` must be logical (and aren't cast to logical!)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(1), list(2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, 3.5), list(2, 4))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must be a logical vector, not the number 3.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(1), default = 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a <my_logical> object.

# `cases` can't be arrays (#6862)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(y))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a logical matrix.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(y))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a logical 1D array.

# `size` overrides the `cases` sizes

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), size = 5)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be size 5, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE)), list(1, 2), size = 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must be size 2, not size 3.

# `ptype` overrides the `values` types

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE, TRUE), list(1, 2), ptype = character())
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't convert `values[[2]]` <double> to <character>.

# number of `cases` and `values` must be the same

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list())
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must have size 0, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, TRUE), list(1))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must have size 1, not size 2.

# dots must be empty

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `...` must be empty.
      x Problematic argument:
      * ..1 = 2
      i Did you forget to name an argument?

# `cases` must be a list

    Code
      vec_case_when(1, list(2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must be a list, not the number 1.

# `values` must be a list

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values` must be a list, not the number 1.

# named inputs show up in the error message

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases$x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1), cases_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1), cases_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases$y` must be size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2), cases_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$y` must be size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2), cases_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `y` must be size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `values[[1]]` <double> and `values$x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `foo[[1]]` <double> and `foo$x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `..1` <double> and `x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values[[1]]` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values$x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo[[1]]` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `..1` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

# `unmatched` errors are correct

    Code
      vec_case_when(cases, values, unmatched = "error")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Each location must be matched.
      x Locations 4, 5, 6, and 7 are unmatched.

Commit message:

Detangle size check from condition index check
It feels more like a type check, and an ambiguity resulted in a bad error message with arrays, which this less ambiguous approach fixes

tests/testthat/_snaps/case-when.md, after:

# `cases` inputs can be size zero

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(logical()), list(1:2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `values[[1]]` (size 2) to size 0.

# `values` are cast to their common type

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE, TRUE), list(1, "x"))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `values[[1]]` <double> and `values[[2]]` <character>.

# `values` must be size 1 or same size as the `cases`

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE, TRUE)), list(1:3))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `values[[1]]` (size 3) to size 4.

# `default` must be size 1 or same size as `cases` (exact same as any other `values` input)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = 2:3)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `default` (size 2) to size 1.

# `default_arg` can be customized

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = 2:3, default_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't recycle `foo` (size 2) to size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE), list(1L), default = "x", default_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine <integer> and `foo` <character>.

# `cases_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list("x"), list(1), cases_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `values_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(lm(1 ~ 1)), values_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `default_arg` is validated

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), default = "x", default_arg = 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `arg` must be a string.

# `cases` must all be the same size

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), TRUE), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must have size 2, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE)), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must have size 2, not size 3.

# `cases` must be logical (and aren't cast to logical!)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(1), list(2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, 3.5), list(2, 4))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must be a logical vector, not the number 3.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(1), default = 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a <my_logical> object.

# `cases` can't be arrays (#6862)

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(y))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a logical matrix.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(y), size = 3)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a logical matrix.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x), list(y))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must be a logical vector, not a logical 1D array.

# `size` overrides the `cases` sizes

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), size = 5)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[1]]` must have size 5, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(c(TRUE, FALSE), c(TRUE, FALSE, TRUE)), list(1, 2), size = 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases[[2]]` must have size 2, not size 3.

# `ptype` overrides the `values` types

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(FALSE, TRUE), list(1, 2), ptype = character())
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't convert `values[[2]]` <double> to <character>.

# number of `cases` and `values` must be the same

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list())
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must have size 0, not size 1.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, TRUE), list(1))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must have size 1, not size 2.

# dots must be empty

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(1), 2)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `...` must be empty.
      x Problematic argument:
      * ..1 = 2
      i Did you forget to name an argument?

# `cases` must be a list

    Code
      vec_case_when(1, list(2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases` must be a list, not the number 1.

# `values` must be a list

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), 1)
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values` must be a list, not the number 1.

# named inputs show up in the error message

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases$x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1), cases_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = 1.5), list(1), cases_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `x` must be a logical vector, not the number 1.5.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `cases$y` must have size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2), cases_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$y` must have size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(x = TRUE, y = c(TRUE, FALSE)), list(1, 2), cases_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `y` must have size 1, not size 2.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `values[[1]]` <double> and `values$x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `foo[[1]]` <double> and `foo$x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE, FALSE), list(1, x = "y"), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Can't combine `..1` <double> and `x` <character>.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values[[1]]` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL))
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `values$x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo[[1]]` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL), values_arg = "foo")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `foo$x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(NULL), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `..1` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

---

    Code
      vec_case_when(list(TRUE), list(x = NULL), values_arg = "")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! `x` must be a vector, not `NULL`.

# `unmatched` errors are correct

    Code
      vec_case_when(cases, values, unmatched = "error")
    Condition
      Error in `vec_case_when()`:
      ! Each location must be matched.
      x Locations 4, 5, 6, and 7 are unmatched.
