tests/testthat/_snaps/dictionary.md, before:

# vec_match() and vec_in() check types

    Code
      df1 <- data_frame(x = data_frame(foo = 1))
      df2 <- data_frame(x = data_frame(foo = ""))
      (expect_error(vec_match(df1, df2), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error:
      ! Can't combine `x$foo` <double> and `x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_match(df1, df2, needles_arg = "n", haystack_arg = "h"),
      class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error:
      ! Can't combine `n$x$foo` <double> and `h$x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_in(df1, df2), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error:
      ! Can't combine `x$foo` <double> and `x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_in(df1, df2, needles_arg = "n", haystack_arg = "h"), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type")
      )
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error:
      ! Can't combine `n$x$foo` <double> and `h$x$foo` <character>.

Commit message:

Add `call` argument to `vec_locate_matches()` (#1626)
* Initial pass through of `call` from R to C

* Pass `call` through ptype2 and cast infrastructure

Had to add `call` to `vec_ptype2_params()` and `vec_cast_params()`, but I'm pretty sure it was just missing from those

* Use `r_stop_internal()`

* Pass call through `stop_matches_nothing()`

And remove unused `haystack_arg` from `compute_nesting_container_info()`

* Pass the call through `stop_matches_remaining()`

* Pass the call through `stop_matches_incomplete()`

* Pass the call through `stop_matches_multiple()`

* Pass the call through `warn_matches_multiple()`

* Add explicit `call` argument in `stop_matches()` and `warn_matches()`

* Use internal call in `parse_incomplete()`

* Use internal call in `parse_no_match()`

* Use internal call in `parse_remaining()`

* Use internal call in `parse_multiple()`

* NEWS bullet

* Use `transform` argument of `expect_snapshot()`

tests/testthat/_snaps/dictionary.md, after:

# vec_match() and vec_in() check types

    Code
      df1 <- data_frame(x = data_frame(foo = 1))
      df2 <- data_frame(x = data_frame(foo = ""))
      (expect_error(vec_match(df1, df2), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error in `vec_match()`:
      ! Can't combine `x$foo` <double> and `x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_match(df1, df2, needles_arg = "n", haystack_arg = "h"),
      class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error in `vec_match()`:
      ! Can't combine `n$x$foo` <double> and `h$x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_in(df1, df2), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type"))
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error in `vec_in()`:
      ! Can't combine `x$foo` <double> and `x$foo` <character>.
    Code
      (expect_error(vec_in(df1, df2, needles_arg = "n", haystack_arg = "h"), class = "vctrs_error_incompatible_type")
      )
    Output
      <error/vctrs_error_incompatible_type>
      Error in `vec_in()`:
      ! Can't combine `n$x$foo` <double> and `h$x$foo` <character>.
